Add Collection Controller Documentation (#37)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/collection/truncate/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: TruncateAsync
description: Remove all documents from collection.
---

# TruncateAsync

> Remove all documents from a collection while keeping the associated mapping.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes all documents from a collection while keeping the associated mappings.  
```

> It is faster than deleting all documents from a collection.

Reviewer: Actually, it's not. It's exactly as fast as using `deleteByQuery` with an empty filters object, since this is what's done by our current code.

We removed that line from our API documentation, and I think we should do the same here:

```suggestion
```
